righteous are you O Lord when I plead
righteous are you O Lord when I plead with you yet let me talk with you about
with you yet let me talk with you about
with you yet let me talk with you about your judgments why does the way of the
your judgments why does the way of the
your judgments why does the way of the wicked prosper
wicked prosper
wicked prosper why are those happy who deal so
why are those happy who deal so
why are those happy who deal so treacherously you have planted them yes
treacherously you have planted them yes
treacherously you have planted them yes they have taken root
they have taken root
they have taken root they grow yes they bear fruit you are
they grow yes they bear fruit you are
they grow yes they bear fruit you are near in their mouth but far from their
near in their mouth but far from their
near in their mouth but far from their mind but you O Lord know me you have
mind but you O Lord know me you have
mind but you O Lord know me you have seen me and you have tested my heart
seen me and you have tested my heart
seen me and you have tested my heart toward you pull them out like sheep for
toward you pull them out like sheep for
toward you pull them out like sheep for the slaughter and prepare them for the
the slaughter and prepare them for the
the slaughter and prepare them for the day of slaughter how long will the land
day of slaughter how long will the land
day of slaughter how long will the land mourn and the herbs of every field
mourn and the herbs of every field
mourn and the herbs of every field wither the beasts and birds are consumed
wither the beasts and birds are consumed
wither the beasts and birds are consumed for the wickedness of those who dwell
for the wickedness of those who dwell
for the wickedness of those who dwell there because they said he will not see
there because they said he will not see
there because they said he will not see our final end if you have run with the
our final end if you have run with the
our final end if you have run with the footmen and they have wearied you then
footmen and they have wearied you then
footmen and they have wearied you then how can you contend with horses and if
how can you contend with horses and if
how can you contend with horses and if in the land of peace in which you
in the land of peace in which you
in the land of peace in which you trusted they wearied you then how will
trusted they wearied you then how will
trusted they wearied you then how will you do in the flood plain of the Jordan
you do in the flood plain of the Jordan
you do in the flood plain of the Jordan for even your brother's the house of
for even your brother's the house of
for even your brother's the house of your father even they have dealt
your father even they have dealt
your father even they have dealt treacherously with you yes they have
treacherously with you yes they have
treacherously with you yes they have called a multitude after you do not
called a multitude after you do not
called a multitude after you do not believe them even though they speak
believe them even though they speak
believe them even though they speak smooth words to you
smooth words to you
smooth words to you I have forsaken my house I have left my
I have forsaken my house I have left my
I have forsaken my house I have left my heritage I have given the dearly beloved
heritage I have given the dearly beloved
heritage I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies
of my soul into the hand of her enemies
of my soul into the hand of her enemies my heritage is to me like a lion in the
my heritage is to me like a lion in the
my heritage is to me like a lion in the forest it cries out against me therefore
forest it cries out against me therefore
forest it cries out against me therefore I have hated it my heritage is to me
I have hated it my heritage is to me
I have hated it my heritage is to me like a speckled vulture the vultures all
like a speckled vulture the vultures all
like a speckled vulture the vultures all around are against her come
around are against her come
around are against her come assemble all the beasts of the field
assemble all the beasts of the field
assemble all the beasts of the field bring them to devolve many rulers have
bring them to devolve many rulers have
bring them to devolve many rulers have destroyed my opinion they have trodden
destroyed my opinion they have trodden
destroyed my opinion they have trodden my portion underfoot they have made my
my portion underfoot they have made my
my portion underfoot they have made my pleasant portion a desolate wilderness
pleasant portion a desolate wilderness
pleasant portion a desolate wilderness they have made it desolate desolate it
they have made it desolate desolate it
they have made it desolate desolate it mourns to me the whole land is made
mourns to me the whole land is made
mourns to me the whole land is made desolate because no one takes it to
desolate because no one takes it to
desolate because no one takes it to heart the plunderers have come on all
heart the plunderers have come on all
heart the plunderers have come on all the desolate heights in the wilderness
the desolate heights in the wilderness
the desolate heights in the wilderness for the sword of the Lord shall devour
for the sword of the Lord shall devour
for the sword of the Lord shall devour from one end of the land to the other
from one end of the land to the other
from one end of the land to the other end of the land no flesh shall have
end of the land no flesh shall have
end of the land no flesh shall have peace they have sown wheat but reaped
peace they have sown wheat but reaped
peace they have sown wheat but reaped fawns they have put themselves to pain
fawns they have put themselves to pain
fawns they have put themselves to pain but do not profit but be ashamed of your
but do not profit but be ashamed of your
but do not profit but be ashamed of your harvest because of the fierce anger of
harvest because of the fierce anger of
harvest because of the fierce anger of the Lord thus says the Lord against all
the Lord thus says the Lord against all
the Lord thus says the Lord against all my evil neighbors who touch the
my evil neighbors who touch the
my evil neighbors who touch the inheritance which I have caused my
inheritance which I have caused my
inheritance which I have caused my people Israel to inherit behold I will
people Israel to inherit behold I will
people Israel to inherit behold I will pluck them out of their land and pluck
pluck them out of their land and pluck
pluck them out of their land and pluck out the house of Judah from among them
out the house of Judah from among them
out the house of Judah from among them then it shall be after I have plucked
then it shall be after I have plucked
then it shall be after I have plucked them out that I will return and have
them out that I will return and have
them out that I will return and have compassion on them and bring them back
compassion on them and bring them back
compassion on them and bring them back everyone to his heritage and everyone to
everyone to his heritage and everyone to
everyone to his heritage and everyone to his land and it shall be if they will
his land and it shall be if they will
his land and it shall be if they will learn carefully the ways of my people to
learn carefully the ways of my people to
learn carefully the ways of my people to swear by my name as the Lord lives as
swear by my name as the Lord lives as
swear by my name as the Lord lives as they taught my people to swear by bail
they taught my people to swear by bail
they taught my people to swear by bail then they shall be established in the
then they shall be established in the
then they shall be established in the midst of my people but if they do not
midst of my people but if they do not
midst of my people but if they do not obey I will utterly pluck up and destroy
obey I will utterly pluck up and destroy
obey I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation says the Lord